Clarify some loading tips (#4298)
LadyAlekto/RogueTech: RogueTech Core/GameTips/general.txt

Switch between your equipped ammunition types by clicking on the name of your current ammunition in the 'Mech's weapon panel.
Vehicles, turrets, and buildings take each point of heat damage as two points of normal damage.
All the important Information on an item is either in the "Traits" section or otherwise brightly coloured.
Through-Armor-Critical (TAC) chance is defined by weapon; a gauss slug can punch through the thickest hides but a laser only melts the surface.
Hovering your cursor over your weapon hit percentage will show you exactly why you cant hit the flanking stealthed light hiding on a forest hill.
Headshots are disabled in Offensive Push unless you have a FCS or BC that enables them.
Stealth Armor cannot be Multi-Targeted
Evasion pips don't go away when you shoot at a target. 
TAB can be used to toggle between Targets.
Press V to cycle between available melee targets.
Mouseover the cybereye in your mech's status panel to see your sensor rolls.
The colored dots on the ground show different types of terrain.
CTRL+Click lets you jettison ammo bins to avoid heat-related explosions!
CTRL+A toggles visibility of ECM bubbles.

> If you have the Argo Training Module Upgradem you can Shift+Click on the skills tab of a pilot in the Barracks to reset their skills.

Reviewer: This requires the second training module upgrade, right?

```suggestion
If you have the second Argo Training Module Upgrade you can Shift+Click on the skills tab of a pilot in the Barracks to reset their skills.
```
At the very least, there's an `m` on Upgrade.

Author: i can type don't bully me :<

Upgrade the Argo! Don't scoff at morale upgrades or ignore your Mechtechs.
Choose Mechwarriors who work well as a team and complement each other's skills.
Equipment is key. A well equipped Light can kill a poorly equipped Assault.
Instability removes Evasive AND Guarded! Perfect for a follow up volley.
You can have up to three repair bays working simultaneously with Argo upgrades, and at 100% efficiency to boot!
Ammo explodes. Don't have too much of it. Also, don't run out of ammo. But you do you, chief.
Untrained Mechwarriors are more likely to panic. Punch through their armor to make them reach for the eject button. 
Scare your enemy into bailing out! Destroying their allies, flanking, and reducing their offensive capability all lead to panic.
The danger zones in a DropShip landing area are no joke, no matter what your fellow Mechwarriors say.
Plan your lance according to the range & strategy you intend to use.
A 'Mech needs an engine core to function. 
An XL engine will save a lot of weight, but if you lose a Torso Side, you lose the 'Mech.

> Weapons with accuracy bonuses or evasion ignoring, like Pulse Lasers, are fantastic against fast-moving enemies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Weapons with accuracy bonuses or that can ignore evasion, such as Pulse Lasers, are fantastic against fast-moving enemies.
```

Watch your heat. Riding the redline will slow you down or blow you sky high.

> Riding the redline is dangerous...but fun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Riding the redline is dangerous... but fun.
```
As far as I know, an ellipse with following text gets a space between the two.

Author: This depends entirely on the style guide employed for writing. I've reached out to HBS to see if their writers can comment on what style guide was used for HBS BattleTech. When I get a response, I'll adopt whatever it is that they're using.

In the meantime, I'll leave this as [UK (ONS) style](https://style.ons.gov.uk/house-style/ellipsis/) for internal consistency. See commit https://github.com/BattletechModders/RogueTech/pull/4298/commits/d87638adbfe4c438ad60df4330b00cbaa50427fe

Choose your contracts carefully and you can get yourself some great salvage!
Hitting an already overheated enemy with flamers or heat-generating weapons gives bonus damage!
It's harder for your pilots to see when it's dark or foggy.
Trees are decent ablative armor, until they get set on fire.
You can only install heatsinks that match the type of your heatsink kit.
Repair costs of armor varies depending on type and Mechtech level. 
Primitive Armour is cheap and easy to maintain. Hardened plates, not so much.
ECM Shield makes you harder to hit. ECM Jamming makes enemies more likely to miss.
Active Probes boost your sensor check, improving the information you see about enemies at longer ranges.
Stealth makes you harder to detect. It also provides a range based defense as well as extra defense the less you move!
Narcs attach to a unit, providing visibility beyond sensor range and increased accuracy! This is opposed by enemy ECM, and lasts for a short duration.
Tags increase your sensor check for tagged units, but this bonus degrades as they move from the position they were originally tagged.
IFF jammers add a penalty to enemy sensor check's against a unit, making it harder to detect.

> UAVs allow you to do a quick scan of the battlefield and sensor lock every nearby enemy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UAV's allow you to do a quick scan of the battlefield and sensor lock every nearby enemy.
```
Plurals of abbreviations/acronyms tend to use `'s` in my experience.  It's not wrong as-is, just uncommon/rare to me.

Melee combat in RogueTech is dramatically more difficult to start with, but a specialized melee 'Mech is a nightmare.
Railguns and Gauss rifles deal tremendous damage at equally tremendous ranges. Reach out and touch someone.

> Use your sensors to check enemy loadouts! 'Mechs and vehicles with rocket launchers (RLs) can do a lot of damage.

Reviewer: Feels like the old one is fine, and this should be a new one?
Maybe
`Better sensor rolls allow you to to check enemy loadouts!  You'll want to know if that truck is carrying a fluid gun, or something more sinister.`

Author: I felt that the innuendo implied was a little stale, personally, but obviously it's not my work so if people want it kept then that's fine.

Author: Reverted in commit https://github.com/BattletechModders/RogueTech/pull/4298/commits/3ccb47eec110b546d94250908361e9a526950a4e

Melee attacks against the side and rear of a target have an increased chance to hit.

> Overheating 'Mechs in Roguetech do not suffer structure damage, but they take penalties to speed and aim. If you run hot enough, your ammo can explode, too!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overheating 'Mechs in Roguetech do not suffer structure damage, but they take penalties to speed and to-hit. If you run hot enough, you can shutdown, take an injury, and your ammo can explode too!
```
Aim just sounds weird?
Added a bit on what else can happen with overheating.

90% to hit is still 10% to miss. Dice don't follow your expectations.
Friendly Fire isn't friendly. Don't put your mechs in the line of fire.

> Pyrrhic victories are for idealists, you're a merc. If the repairs are going to cost more than you are getting paid you should have left already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pyrrhic victories are for idealists; you're a merc. If the repairs are going to cost more than you are getting paid you should have left already.
```
The two clauses are of opposing intents.
